Gwenevere Abriel: Jamie crushed.
10am
Jaime Crouchet: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Alright, so let's do sound check make sure videos got everything all in sync.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes, ma'am.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're you're at work.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah I am, but I so I went to an empty room. Oh.
Jaime Crouchet: I have somebody here working the desk so
Jaime Crouchet: You have my full attention today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe try and stack that phone somewhere so it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holding and I'm going to open up a note, while you're doing that.
Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Perfect.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, well, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of opening up a note to sort of take a look. Reflect back to her prior session or kind of how your week has been just get a sense of, maybe some place that you want to discuss or share or focus on
Gwenevere Abriel: To set your intention to that.
Jaime Crouchet: Doors the doors. I know.
Jaime Crouchet: That's
Jaime Crouchet: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Sneak peek into your world. They're denied.
Jaime Crouchet: He's the only one that knows I'm in this room, too. So of course he would knock
Gwenevere Abriel: So that that that doesn't bother you that kind of attitude, etc. You just kind of work it out.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, he's mad because he, that was the maintenance guy.
And
Jaime Crouchet: So the last couple weeks. My boss has really been writing me about occupancy and making up for the last month or and
Jaime Crouchet: And so me and my revenue manager, we decided to drop our rates are super low to $31 a night on
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy cow.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, which is definitely the lowest rates in town.
Jaime Crouchet: even lower than Motel six Motel six is at 50 bucks. Yeah. So you can imagine the riffraff but that's bringing in. And so
Jaime Crouchet: I've been having to kind of retrain staff on what to look out for, and how to manage that kind of thing anyway. We've had a lot more graffiti.
Gwenevere Abriel: He was
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, he was showing me a picture of somebody tagged the elevator door. And so he's pretty furious about it.
Jaime Crouchet: But
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: We're gonna have to bring our rates back up here pretty soon, because it's just causing too much damage to the property.
Gwenevere Abriel: As ending up costing right it's such an interesting
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not
Right.
Jaime Crouchet: Right, and I
Jaime Crouchet: Mean it's manageable. I've done this at other properties before in it. It's absolutely manageable. You just have to this this team here is just so underdeveloped that they're just it's just going to take time to get them to that place. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did you notice when I invited you kind of consider where you wanted to focus today what came up
Jaime Crouchet: Um, well. So a couple of things I did want to ask
Jaime Crouchet: Goodness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Phone doesn't want to stay
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, I think I got it now some weight behind it.
Jaime Crouchet: So actually, so there is one thing that I want to talk to you about
Jaime Crouchet: Is um
Jaime Crouchet: It doesn't really have anything to do with canceling part, I guess, but
Jaime Crouchet: I'm, I'm kind of scared because I'm and it's been only happening at night, but my heart is beating weird at night.
Oh,
Jaime Crouchet: Like, I feel
Jaime Crouchet: Like, it'll be really hard, like a couple beats. I can even feel the pressure in my head. And sometimes it happens to where it even takes my breath away.
Gwenevere Abriel: On how long does that last
Jaime Crouchet: It only lasts a couple seconds.
Jaime Crouchet: And it does happen maybe periodically throughout the day. Maybe once, maybe twice a day.
Jaime Crouchet: But it definitely like when I go to bed at night. It happens a lot.
Jaime Crouchet: And
Gwenevere Abriel: How many, how many times is a lot
Jaime Crouchet: Of uh like I'd say like I'm I lay in bed fully an hour before I go to sleep. And it happens.
Jaime Crouchet: Gosh, I'd say probably every 1015 minutes
Jaime Crouchet: So, and this happened, this has happened to me before, and I was seeing a primary care doctor
Jaime Crouchet: And it happened one day when I was driving, but it was the worst thing that ever happened. And I even
Jaime Crouchet: I could feel it coming on. When I was driving. So I heard it all of a sudden, everything started going bright white. And so I hurried and pulled over.
Jaime Crouchet: And I just, and also I there was just so much pressure and everything was white. I had to throw it in park and it was just very scary. And so I did tell my doctor about it at that time and she
Jaime Crouchet: She didn't really look into anything she just said, You know, I was explaining to her what was happening. And she said something about her explanation was
Jaime Crouchet: Is that
Jaime Crouchet: The, the electric shock that goes through our heart, she was saying, it sounds like it's skipping through my heart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, that makes sense to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she didn't label it a particular heart condition, some sort of a rhythm Nia or something.
Jaime Crouchet: She just said no.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just gave you the technical description.
Jaime Crouchet: Right. And I kept telling her that I was scared. And she said, yeah, I know it feels scary and it sounds scary, but she says not anything that's going to kill me.
Jaime Crouchet: But I'm worried I worry about blood clots. I worry about all that stuff.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so let's get a little bit more history. This episode of what you just described has been these 10 to 15 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: Every 10 to 15 minutes between what like five o'clock at night or nine o'clock at night.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I say,
Jaime Crouchet: Anywhere between like when I go to bed. So usually anywhere between like eight and 11 o'clock at night. And this is, you know, it's the last several years. It's happens periodically, but it's it's really bad. It's, it's never been an everyday thing for me. And that's what's scaring me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so was curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over the course of the last few years.
Jaime Crouchet: I'd say probably five years since I moved here. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but never
Gwenevere Abriel: Until now, has it been daily
Jaime Crouchet: Right, it's probably been the last two weeks. It's been daily
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see any parallels between stress level. Do you see any parallels between things like the that that quantity in peace or tapering or any, anything else you can kind of we look for.
Gwenevere Abriel: Malicious look at medic medicine for a second and see if there's any connection or anything similar or anything changed. Right. Well, this is really different than these five years.
Jaime Crouchet: So when it's happened the last several years. I felt like it was more of a stress thing, you know, it seemed to happen more when I was, you know, in high moments of stress. I mean moments of high stress and
Jaime Crouchet: But the last couple weeks I've been trying to really pay attention to it. And, you know, at night. I'm really trying to relax and shut off the TV and just kind of lay there peacefully and it's still happening but so i don't know i really i I am trying to figure it out.
Jaime Crouchet: I don't notice anything different that I've done.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these last two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really worsened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: I should probably find a primary care huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean I think let's I like the team approach as many minds working at something as possible. I like it. I do. Okay, so let's let's add that. So you're sort of that homework is going to be kind of getting primary care appointments set up.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the, the other piece sort of from the psychological part or the psycho biological
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just write the piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well yes exam.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: We'd like to think that we're in control of her body. We'd like to think that it runs perfectly all the time, but it doesn't. And if it turns out that there is a connection to to a stress connection.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you hold this space, but since you said that there's some history of it being associated with increased stress. It could be that there's something about your day where there was a smell a site or laying down in bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or it may be almost an unconscious thought that's coming up. It could be
Gwenevere Abriel: A trigger right a, what do you call it, not a precursor. But, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah precursor until I get the right word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before. So in the past has led to some negative outcome. And now the something's reminding the unconscious mind, perhaps. So if you just go psychological for a second. If you can open
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of your mind to this idea that possibly what's happening is you think on laying in bed. What am I, stressing I'm ready for rest. I'm not particularly fretting over anything
Gwenevere Abriel: But your body might be responding to some familiar laying down
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be reminded of a smell a site something going on that you might not be conscious of. So I hold that space, right, I mean, that's kind of what I do is I wonder, I wonder if the body's remembering something or there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: There's something that's triggering it to to a familiar stress response in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't, I don't know what that is.
Jaime Crouchet: Of course, yeah.
I'm wondering
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I mean, that could be. I mean, I mean it. Maybe that's why it continued on for two weeks because you know my dad died from a pulmonary embolism, and I have had like your rational fears about blood clots ever since.
Jaime Crouchet: Maybe because that's my first thought when it starts happening is, holy crap blood clots, because I can even feel the pressure in my head. And so it gets scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it also then it starts to make me think, when are you taking the quantity and could that be a part of it. Could that are you taking any during the day, just want to check
Jaime Crouchet: I haven't so it's been probably since I've even taken any quantity and it's probably been a good three weeks. I haven't felt like I needed it. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right in the moment when you feel
Gwenevere Abriel: The. Let me see how you described it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, beating really hard.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, it's almost like it's skipping beats or something. No.
Jaime Crouchet: That's, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have beating heart and that's why I'm coming back to your description. So it's as if the rhythm changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Beating hard. I think it's pushing more blood through the way I would after I did a little sprint down the block, but that's not it. This is about the rhythm changed.
Jaime Crouchet: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to change it from beating really hard. Do you think I should take that out and put the rhythm. It's as if it skipped a beat a regular rhythm.
Jaime Crouchet: It's kind of a mix between both honestly
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah. Cuz it'll like skip a beat and then it's almost like it just goes through
Jaime Crouchet: And then
Jaime Crouchet: Like it's weird how it and I can feel it like it's like it's beating harder. I don't know how to explain it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Describing just coincidentally, I definitely what you're describing, I would describe something that I've had. I would say, I've had that. And
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that it's the same experience. But I just wanted to share that. That sounds familiar, like you don't sound insane to me, you sound like a heart does that. Well, I only know mine. I'm not a pulmonary specialist or something, but I know it's done that and it certainly gets my attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wonder, what is that, and so sometimes for me it's I
Gwenevere Abriel: literally have to roll over the other way.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I lay on a particular side. I don't know why. That makes no sense to me. But it does seem to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: It puts I don't know the etiology of it, but I know that what I do to try to solve it. I don't stay static. So now we'll take that. What do you do to problem solve. When you notice that change.
Jaime Crouchet: I will take a few deep breaths and I feel like when it at so like at night when it keeps happening over and over, like I'll stop and I'll take several deep breaths and I feel like that that for a long bit in between.
Gwenevere Abriel: That prolongs it
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: And in between times it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: So prologue means that it does reduce
Gwenevere Abriel: The next time that it happens, it puts a little bit more time in between.
That breathe.
Jaime Crouchet: Just taking some deep breaths. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just say prolongs the next event. So the next time that weird really hard, mixed with changing rhythm beat skipping
Jaime Crouchet: Skipping
Gwenevere Abriel: It does help with the breathing. So maybe something about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breath sort of
Reset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or if there was something there, and sort of stretches it out, maybe right. I have no idea.
Jaime Crouchet: Right. It makes it, it just makes me think, like, maybe it maybe it is stress, maybe I'm stressing more than I think
Jaime Crouchet: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either I don't either.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if we did. What if we, again, we looked at it from a team approach. And we, we, problem solved it from all the resources, you're going to go ahead and you're going to get primary care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Input so you can have that checked. You can have things like you know cholesterol and all that stuff kind of looked at and of course that physician will know you have sort of a genetic history.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's that. And then there's this awareness of a stress response and
Gwenevere Abriel: It's good to know, hey, the breathing does sort of
Jaime Crouchet: I feel like it helps. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe investigating more into that. So you're laying. Is it something like this, you're laying in bed and you have, like, hands down, you're looking at TV or is it laying in bed have laptop on stomach like what, what do you actually how you lay
Jaime Crouchet: Around. I mean, I, yeah, I usually have my laptop.
Jaime Crouchet: I have to
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I do. I do some work every night before I go to bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sitting upright with
Jaime Crouchet: Kind of, I mean I'm laying back in bed. I have some tomatoes prop behind me and I have my laptop there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so maybe playing with you know how I said, you know, and I'm laying it seems to put weird pressure something just to play with it, just so that you're even more informed when you do meet with the primary care, you could say, well, this is what I went out at just to rule out some things
Gwenevere Abriel: Setting up putting more open into the chest, putting more right space in there and seeing if you can do that belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, creating even more room and yes and convene, you got it set up where you were scrunched down before kind of half up half lane, but maybe sitting up and seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, if this is something other than right an actual heart events. This is just some sort of stress response if I do this, breathing and I turn in, and I see how I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens. Okay, well, how now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Will it happen again. Is it happening now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you turn away and then you get back into your laptop, but just play with a couple of things just to see what happens. We're
Gwenevere Abriel: Pulling arms out and saying, Okay, right, I got you. I feel you. Okay, um, because the other one was, oh my gosh, that's how my dad passed away. And so what I'm wondering is if we kind of get away from that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more into the actual felt sense of it just for further investigation to see what happens. See if it lightens up a little bit. If it stays
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, yeah. Yeah, I'll do that. I'll start doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I also see
What
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we need more on on the heart because I'm kind of limited
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay. All right.
I don't know.
Jaime Crouchet: We I went out on two dates.
Jaime Crouchet: So I'm trying to do stuff to distract me from Greg Right.
Jaime Crouchet: And so there was one of them's a guest that is always here every weekend and another one.
Jaime Crouchet: One of my co workers friends of the family guy right and so both times because everything's closed. We just went to the park. One of the first one he brought his dog with them. We just went to the park, but both times. So one of them's definitely not my type probably not gonna work.
Jaime Crouchet: But the other one. I feel like under normal circumstances, I would totally go out on a date. Again, very good looking very sweet.
Jaime Crouchet: But both times that I got home, I just cried myself to sleep.
Jaime Crouchet: Oh, and I have known like am both reached out to me again and I have completely ignored, both of them.
Jaime Crouchet: Like I have no desire for it at all. And I don't like this feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's no desire for what finish that con
Jaime Crouchet: Low desire to
Jaime Crouchet: Date or spend time with anybody, any other man, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: You actually felt something
Do you know what that was.
Gwenevere Abriel: What the feeling was
Jaime Crouchet: No, I don't even know why I was trying. I just like I even feel emotional better right now. I don't know where it's coming from. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: This could very well be your sort of this split brain right, your left brain has stored information. It's got sequences got language. It's got all these things the right brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one probably making you cry, but you don't have a description for it. So this like this this disconnect between different sides of the brain. If that might be what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember like just now. Right. What does it mean to you that
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like this guy. I do like these things about this guy, this one, I kind of find interesting. But then once you walk in the door in your home.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice started crying. As soon as you close the door.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I just
Jaime Crouchet: Don't even I, I really I don't even know how to work. I don't know. I really
Jaime Crouchet: Like, even when I'm on the date I have no desire to be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you could, would you prefer to be texting grey.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You did that for a long time. So, this feels really different.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you. Do you couldn't come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: And innocence. Nevermind that it's dating another man but you couldn't share the events of your day.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah I know I have noticed that that absolutely bothers me. Like when stuff happens at work or, you know,
Jaime Crouchet: Anything good or bad. I normally would talk to Greg about those things. And I noticed that for sure. Now, but he's not there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yet, and even
I
Jaime Crouchet: Just, I feel like what's throwing me off here is that I never ever been through this ever
Jaime Crouchet: Like I feel like in the past and my whole 38 years of life. Every time I've been through a breakup. I've been able to just accept it and move on and not ever think about it why I can't shake this one is driving me crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we actually spent quite a bit of work in there. Let me take a look at our notes from before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember anything from our last session.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Jaime Crouchet: What we talked about how
Jaime Crouchet: You know, it could possibly be some miscommunication there. We talked about
Jaime Crouchet: You know, things that I
Jaime Crouchet: Said that I shouldn't have said that. I wouldn't have said if I would have just heard them out. There's
Jaime Crouchet: We talked about doing things to distract me
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of the things I see there is a real focus on on a self perception around importance.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a negative cognition is right in the middle of the note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see where we go through this one.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be some versus me sitting here skimming it while you're staring at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Break up still bothers me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, even now, I'm feeling, emotional, much like what you just did right
Gwenevere Abriel: I've been making it a point to talk to my family every game reaching out to friends here and trying to stay busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have had heartbreaks before, but this is the first time it has gone on for this long and some. It's a lot like what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three years ago me. Um, I don't know what I'm thinking the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just did that I feel like I'm going 100 miles an hour. Nothing makes any sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Him. Telling me he was talking to his daughter, it would not have gone that way, would have been 100% fine quote. I'm glad to hear from you and I'm glad you're okay like that was the piece that didn't get done right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I'm glad to hear from you. I'm glad you're okay. That would have it would have gone differently you predicted
Jaime Crouchet: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time I was worried sick about him when I jumped on the other app and saw him online. My mind went straight to negative. He had the ability to take the worry away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he chose not to.
Gwenevere Abriel: self perception. So I probably check did an inquiry into you ready. How you doing, what's your awareness of this I go wrong.
All the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to have somebody who takes their emotions out on him all the time. It shouldn't be this way, every other breakup makes sense. There is an ending
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: On doesn't make sense, does not feel right. I don't get how we were together, five years.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: I was just insecure, the negative cognition, I am important
Gwenevere Abriel: From outcome I would tell him how I really feel so if you didn't care about what he was going to think what you were exploring was I could tell him how I really feel it makes sense why I am still sitting with it. There are loosens and so much regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how to let it go. I don't want to feel this way anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that what I just said. What did it make you think about
Jaime Crouchet: Well that possibly that's why that I mean, maybe that's why I'm having such a hard time with it is that I have that regret and
Jaime Crouchet: And there were every I feel like there's somebody loose ends to it.
Jaime Crouchet: So maybe that's why. Maybe that's why it's I'm having a hard time with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's not quite media. Now is it that doesn't quite give the explanation. It sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of the the sugar coating of the m&m it doesn't quite get to the chocolate, does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we already said, we already covered regret in here. We already covered this loosens it's not quite at the chocolate center.
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds. It's not enough to just say I have regret and there's loose ends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, longing to want to know what those loose ends are
Jaime Crouchet: Right. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we're not quite to the center.
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep listening for it, though. Is it weird to hear your own words back at you, here and there.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be interesting to see your response, so hang in there for it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, I don't want to feel this way anymore. Worst case scenario. So I probably did the play it all the way through telling Greg He
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be if i told Greg He would be silent, and I would be rejected. I would sit. I will encourage or I will sit with rejection and shortly after this
Gwenevere Abriel: I sent a message to him and he's not responded, I am scared of rejection. I don't want to tell someone how I feel. And it not matter to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: not mattering to someone, I would have to wait until it is over, and I won't feel it anymore. It is hard to think past. It has been an ache in my chest for three months now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hopefully I will be over it in seven months. No idea because we were playing it forward. Somehow I no idea what would take its place some ache, as in childhood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Same ache, as in childhood. I'm not sure how it will go away, even in seven months, maybe I can start dating, but I don't want to
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive cognition was, I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Other outcome if I would have been honest with him about what I felt. And it still ended, I would have hated that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I put the emotion away and use logic. I think he cannot give me the relationship. I deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is 100% like him. We have had the conversation. So there's probably something little pieces that you had said my transcriptionist put those pieces together.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not stuff. So I'm the notes would be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Of I am important
Gwenevere Abriel: I run a multimillion dollar business, every day I have 30 people in my staff that rely on me, my son relies on me for emotional stability every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sons internal dialogue is terrible gets overly emotional about certain situations and silly things in life has fight with a girlfriend and thinks he's a terrible person and does not deserve to live goes from zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Importance to self. I don't know. I don't worry about myself very much, especially when it comes to the bad parts invited self value self reflection I need to figure out how to be better to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are you noticing as you're listening.
Jaime Crouchet: Like I almost like if you're reading that and you're reading, like if I I was picturing it coming from somebody else, like you're just telling me about somebody felt bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me the thoughts that go with the feeling of sad.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, like it was just ridiculous that somebody wouldn't take care of themselves.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that you
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Jaime Crouchet: When you picture from somebody else's perspective, like that was somebody else's words that you sound silly.
Gwenevere Abriel: silly and ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm not thinking silly and ridiculous.
Jaime Crouchet: What are you thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sure
Gwenevere Abriel: Somewhere around
Gwenevere Abriel: Your perception of making a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to understand your relationship with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm certainly not landing on any kind of word like ridiculous or silly.
Jaime Crouchet: Like what it like what my perception is when I make a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what do you regret with Greg.
Jaime Crouchet: Just taking my emotions out instead of just hearing them out. You know, I just spoke. Everything was spewing out of my mouth wide. My emotions were high. That was
Jaime Crouchet: I shouldn't have done that. I should have done that.
Jaime Crouchet: I should have not even spoke to him until I was calm and I'll just speak to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jamie. Do you know that people
Gwenevere Abriel: Forget you like do you know that's forgivable right like that's not, it's not a sin or something. So, but you lost your shit. Who cares, like, That's forgivable. Do you know that or do you just see that you didn't that relationship didn't leave any room for you to lose your shit.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, well I mean like when we, when I specifically. Think about that part i don't i mean i don't think that he quit talking to me and it's over, because I did that.
Jaime Crouchet: I do regret that part. Totally. I feel like
Jaime Crouchet: If I did talk to him from A calm place. I feel like even if things still ended. Maybe we could have had a conversation about it. I feel like maybe things would have ended differently so that I had some sort of closure.
Jaime Crouchet: Because I have been I have. I mean, we've been together, five years.
Jaime Crouchet: So I have done that I have spoke to him out of emotion and and he has just talked me through that was done and it wasn't. I didn't bother him or anything, but here I feel like
Jaime Crouchet: I just like that. Maybe that's what shut him down.
Jaime Crouchet: And now I don't have any answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so is it is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: Way in the back of your mind, you wonder, what if we get actually still be together because what if this is just a misunderstanding some
Gwenevere Abriel: Like what if it was just some little thing and. And now if we were talking, it would get cleared up and we would be together.
Jaime Crouchet: I really don't. I mean, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to be with Craig.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I want us to fix it. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to still date him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to know if he wants to still date you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. What's keeping you from asking him directly
Jaime Crouchet: I guess the rejection. I don't want to hear them say no.
Jaime Crouchet: Or I don't want the message or the call to go unanswered.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a refusal to accept that already have the answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're in a double bind you won't
Gwenevere Abriel: Go get it. And you won't accept
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. I know, right. If it was flipped or the FR you like you'd be what you were doing when you you will be calling like where the heck are you right
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you don't want to hear. So you're not interpreting is zero contact as I'm done with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you also won't find out you don't want to hear it, but you won't interpret these already sending possibly I obviously don't know but we're playing with these two scenarios here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see what I'm doing, like interpret the behavior. The absence of contact as I'm done.
Nice right
Gwenevere Abriel: But you won't do the loose end and put it in a bow by saying, Greg, for whatever reason,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not enough. I want to hear it from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can interpret your lack of communication.
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe there's been episodes where we've done that before. And you still cared about me. And so I, I, for some reason, I need to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to see me anymore. In order for me to move on. This isn't advice. This is to provoke another response from you. So what comes up when I did that just now.
Jaime Crouchet: Um,
Jaime Crouchet: Well, I keep I don't
Jaime Crouchet: I genuinely don't think that that's what he wants. I don't. I think that he's totally disappointed that relationship didn't work.
Jaime Crouchet: I know Greg and you know and have a think about the things that we talked about the last time we talked. I, I genuinely full heartedly feel
Jaime Crouchet: That he is doing it because he thinks that that is what's best for me that he wants me to. I mean, it's been talked about so much in our relationship that he thinks that I need to have a man right they're going out and doing things at and around every day.
Jaime Crouchet: It's been a big
Jaime Crouchet: Topic in our relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: So none of this adds up when I know you, Jamie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meeting. We can't conform to what a movie looks like we can't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: you yourself want someone
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not here. Maybe there's a party right with covering this you might like that distance with a particular recipe in your life, the kind of relationship with your mother. This works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now the paradox is if you decide to go in
Gwenevere Abriel: Full body splash and say, Greg.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do not mind. In fact, I like that you're not right next door. It works for my personality. It works for my particular trauma history. It works for me. I will tell you when that changes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love you. I love us when I miss you like crazy and I can't let go because I still love you. I liked us. I know it doesn't look like everybody else's. But guess what were the rare or the one off the distance relationships they work for me and I miss you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if that's a half truth. If that's you, settling then that doesn't work. But do you see I don't have some sort of its gonna look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to look like this, holding hands and weekend monthly you know dates and Baba, Baba, Baba, Baba. No, no, it's what works for you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Honest, I am projecting how happiness should look on you. And then he you're doing over relationships are hard enough. Let's not get up in each other's wish fantasy thing. Let's own what we want for adults now. So if you want this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, right. Maybe that's why you can't let go. You just told me he wants you and you just told me before you want him so no wonder you can't let go. You want each other, basically. And so you're not a part. And it's not making any DAMN SENSE.
Jaime Crouchet: Right. And I always get mad because I feel like he what he's doing is he's making a decision that his mind to make, not yours.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So to me, that's one conversation that's it's none of those other things like I don't want to be rejected if you can get past that because we poked at that one last time. I don't want to be rejected. I want to be important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, well maybe it isn't those things because we noticed around in those last time we've noticed around on a few times. And that's still not hitting the mark, Jamie.
Jaime Crouchet: You
Gwenevere Abriel: were telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: For who you are today. This is the relationship you want. You don't need to see the guy, but every month or so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then making that clear. And then he cannot project onto you. The fact that he may want more physical contact, but he'll have to own it. He cannot cross over and lay it on you. He'll have to own it, because you're going to have if you want. Right. It's the firm boundary. It's listen
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm right now. I haven't done this before. I'm telling you right now. I've had time to think about what do I really, really, really, really want
Gwenevere Abriel: I like really big pieces of what we had and I miss it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think what was happening before Greg was you were getting in my head and imagining that I wasn't speaking up about what I really want
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this differently, you just tell me for your own sake. What do you want, I will think for myself. I will tell you honestly and candidly
Gwenevere Abriel: And But Greg, please, please listen at this point, just tell me, do you like what we have, who we are. If we don't compare it to anybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it says just this way, nothing changes. Are you happy are you satisfied, but please don't don't imagine what I want all do that part for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an honest conversation. Can he do it. Can you do it.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, everything that you just said I would totally reach out to him without I could do
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I didn't say anything really to profound. How come you haven't done it.
Jaime Crouchet: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you brave enough to face that for whatever reason he can't do this complex on this raw honesty or he has made up his mind that he wants to save you, even though you didn't ask for the saving
Gwenevere Abriel: But are you willing to accept the outcome because you need data not imagination on this one.
Right.
Jaime Crouchet: I feel like at this point. Even if from
Jaime Crouchet: Like if I messaged him was something like that. And even if he came back with
Jaime Crouchet: Something terrible and mean like F off and everyone to talk to you again.
Jaime Crouchet: Like I feel like that would be better than where I'm sitting now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Our minds like closure. They like the end of the story. They want to have an answer. We're literally set up so that we get a little spray of the domain where we get a solution.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we do we want it. It's not just a metaphor disclosure this loose end
Gwenevere Abriel: We're wired for that we really like to have it now because you won't. You can't muster the resentment and anger towards him. You can't close it up yourself. So it sounds like. Another option is to provoke a response to get the FUCK YOU FUCK OFF. Right.
Or
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, yeah. Let's have a real let's just let's let's talk talk about our truth. Um, and each of us will mind our own
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel I think I believe will mind our own side of the fence on that and and let's exit with some grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, those are two options, a mini
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What is what you want. You want to know where that boundary is because right now it's just on assumptions. Sounds like
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Truth be told, Jamie. Can you
Tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: Rejection, can you do it, is it worth it for you to have closure and clarity, can you tolerate someone saying, I don't want to date. You may not know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what it'll feel like is that I don't want to maybe because I'm saving you I'm trying to rescue you don't get to have that that right because that's that's over here. That's my business to I'm making up a story, but the result is I don't want to day to
Gwenevere Abriel: Candy do it is the clarity is the I've got to actually see what constraint we have here because it's making me nuts.
Gwenevere Abriel: The unknown.
Jaime Crouchet: I mean the rejection would hurt like hell yeah but I feel like there would be there would be something for me to work on there would be something for me to process, there would be something for me to
Grief
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Hate this relationship stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard it's
Gwenevere Abriel: All the happiness into life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Brings stuff, but it also brings all that uncertainty.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's see what
Gwenevere Abriel: Still connective tissue there might still be two notions of that you are important. Do you know that to be true about you. Do you feel very confident about that.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, yeah. I feel more confident about it now that I have before. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are important.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know that you're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if the worst thing happens.
Jaime Crouchet: How do I know I'm going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you've got evidence of it, you can rely on memory to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Language languages flawed. I can't quite say both know and not know at the same time. But how do you know you're going to be okay. Are you going to be alive tomorrow, Jamie.
Jaime Crouchet: I should be. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, then we'll go with that. Let's go with another faith you have for that thought let's go with. Are you going to be okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you know
Jaime Crouchet: Because I'm going to be alive and breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: heartbreak.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And people. Yeah. And we live.
Jaime Crouchet: All the time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're attempting to solve where you're blocked. We tried it some way we let time we did analysis. We've done a lot of different things with it and it's still sitting there and and keep coming to the same dilemma.
Gwenevere Abriel: You sound like you want to check out. Are you breaking up with me because you're trying to save me. Are you breaking up with me because you don't want me no mo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Period on it, please. I can't take the insanity don't come over and thing for me please just tell me what you want and then I will tell you what I want, or vice versa. But please. I need clarity.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that what you want because nevermind one once
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just throwing out absolutely
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I think that that's perfect verbiage, I could send them a message like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you think you would pick up the phone and have a conversation
Jaime Crouchet: Like if I tried calling him right now I don't, I don't know, he probably wouldn't answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: I think it'd probably be better to
Jaime Crouchet: At least talk about something through a text message before he answered.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, knowing him. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, you know how he operates.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. So check in on how you were feeling around relationship. And now when you first started. Now my you're feeling with this plan.
Jaime Crouchet: I feel better.
Jaime Crouchet: I do I feel better about it. I think that
Jaime Crouchet: If I sent him a message you know saying exactly what you were saying, I feel like no matter what the responses like is if he gives me some kind of response to that, whether you know even if it's I hate you. Go away. I feel like that's better than where we're at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Oh, are you willing to be the braver party here.
Jaime Crouchet: And you
Gwenevere Abriel: Put yourself out. Okay, well, then the options really increase with that bravery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might get a response.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am a little curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder how talking it through with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: was useful.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering, I wonder how talking it through with me was useful for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing anything real fancy and I
Jaime Crouchet: Know, but no, but I think it just
Jaime Crouchet: It helps me to realize that I'm not being irrational like I like I'm not just going crazy for nothing or hurting for nothing. It's genuinely because
Jaime Crouchet: I need that clarity, like you said, and it helps to have you here. You say that it helps you. It helps to know that you see that as well that somebody else sees it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, that makes sense. So I'm is it accurate to say that you feel validated that
Gwenevere Abriel: Your reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is seen by someone else's
Jaime Crouchet: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Jaime Crouchet: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe two weeks from now.
Jaime Crouchet: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lets us out at may 25
Gwenevere Abriel: And 10am still working.
Yes.
Jaime Crouchet: And I do need a refill today. She filled for two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Message right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sent
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this week where you are going to group or you're waiting next week, just want to kind of have an idea.
Jaime Crouchet: So it will be next week when I can afford it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not me, not me, but may 19
Jaime Crouchet: Yes, if that's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we'll be good to curious to know what you decide around them.
Jaime Crouchet: All right. Thank you.
Jaime Crouchet: See you later. All right, bye.